[docs] formatting changes for few API pages (#20494)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v47.0.0/sdk/facedetector.mdx

import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import PlatformsSection from '~/components/plugins/PlatformsSection';
import { SnackInline} from '~/ui/components/Snippet';
import { PlatformTags } from '~/ui/components/Tag';

**`expo-face-detector`** lets you use the power of the [Google Mobile Vision](https://developers.google.com/vision/face-detection-concepts) framework to detect faces on images.

<PlatformsSection android ios />

#### Known issues&ensp;<PlatformTags platforms={['android']}  />

Face detector does not recognize faces that aren't aligned with the interface (top of the interface matches top of the head).

## Installation

<APIInstallSection />

## Usage

### Settings

In order to configure detector's behavior modules pass a [`DetectionOptions`](#detectionoptions) object which is then interpreted by this module.

### Example

> You could use the following snippet to detect faces in fast mode without detecting landmarks or whether face is smiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following snippet to detect faces in a fast mode without detecting landmarks or whether a face is smiling.
```
